Burning Chicken
Variations on the Mandelbrot set

The panel on the left holds two kinds of controls:
buttons, and one or two dimensional widgets.

Widgets:
Mouse click on a widget to select it.
It's legend will turn Green.
You can also move the focus up/down with the '<' and '>' keys.
Press the assigned Hotkey character to move the focus directly.

Now on the image:
Mouse drag to control the widget's parameters.
You can also use the Arrow keys.
Note: Hold down the <option> key to increase the alteration amount.
Note: Hold down the <A> key to decrease the alteration amount.

Note: The mouse scroll wheel controls Zoom at all times.

Buttons:
A button command is performed by Mouse clicking on the legend.

Note: Press <1> to toggle display of the control panel.
Note: Use can exit program by press the <esc> key.

R. Reset
   Reset the image position, zoom and params.

Z. Zoom
M. Move
   Select the region of interest.

Y. Radial Symmetry
   When value is zero (set to lowest value), the image renders as normal.
   When active (non-zero, specifying pie wedge size in radians),
   a pie slice shaped region of the image is repeated to form a mandala.

I. maxIter
   Specify the number of interations the shader uses.

C. Contrast
   Adjust the RGB deviations from midpoint.

S. Skip
   Number of cycles before each pixel counts as 'visible'

K. #times the escape value is decimated so that iterations can continue.

X. Variation
   Cycle through a series of Mandelbrot variations.
   Additional control parameter(s) accompany some of the variations.

D. Shadow
   Toggle whether shadowing effect is added.

L. 3D Window
   Toggle the display of the 3D Window

J. 3D ROI
   Specify the position and size of the 3D Region Of Interest (ROI).

   Note: Click and Drag with the Right Mouse Button to specify the ROI directly.

T. Coloring
   Toggle color method: traditional color palette lookup,
   or average Coloring algorithm.

   Visit: https://fractalforums.org/fractal-mathematics-and-new-theories/28/triangle-inequality-average-algorithm/1368
   User 3DickUlus posted a beautiful image with the fragment shader attached.
   I copied the algorithm onto this app to do some experimentation.

2. Stripe Density
3. Escape Radius
4. Multiplier    are all params to 3DickUlus' algorithm. Check out shader code..

5,6,7. Color R,G,B
   Affect the color balance.

Visit: http://www.iquilezles.org/www/articles/ftrapsgeometric/ftrapsgeometric.htm
to learn about Point and Line Orbit Traps

Point Traps
   Three Point Traps are offered.
   Tap on the legend to toggle whether that Point Trap is active.
   The companion "Point" widget controls the position of the Point Trap.

Line Traps
   Three Line Traps are offered.
   Tap on the legend to toggle whether that Line Trap is active.
   The companion "Point" widget controls the position of the Point Trap,
   while "Slope" sets the line slope.

Note: These orbit traps work great when using the traditional coloring method.
Just move the "Point" around until you see it's effect.

A. Toggle whether parameters auto change.

V. Save/Load
   Launch the Save/Load dialog.

L. LoadNext
   Load the next saved image, round-robin style.

H. Help
   This dialog.


